Applicable to Government and Law Enforcement Agencies Only:

 

1. Introduction

 

As disclosed in our Terms of Service, the services of UZXKR.com are provided by the following entity:

 

As disclosed in our Terms of Service, the services of UZXKR.com are provided by the following entity:UZXKR.COM. (hereinafter referred to as the 'Company') is a company registered in the Cayman Islands under Cayman Islands law, and it operates the website http://www.UZXKR.com (hereinafter referred to as the 'Website' or 'Site'). The Website is a platform specifically designed for users to engage in digital asset trading and related services (hereinafter referred to as the 'Service' or 'Services'). For the sake of convenience in this agreement, the Company and the Website are collectively referred to as 'we' or 'our'.

 

When necessary, we will respond to requests from authorized law enforcement officers. We will evaluate each case and cooperate in accordance with relevant terms of service, our privacy policy statement, and any applicable laws and regulations. This Law Enforcement Request Guide provides information on how authorized law enforcement officers can contact us and request customer information and/or freeze users' UZXKR accounts.Please note that we will only respond to requests sent by authorized law enforcement officers. If international law enforcement is involved (where applicable), international law enforcement agencies must provide formal requests for judicial assistance to facilitate our provision of disclosure.

 

2. Law Enforcement Requests

 

We are responsible for handling law enforcement requests from all jurisdictions in accordance with our terms of service, our privacy policy statement, and any applicable laws and regulations.If you are an authorized law enforcement officer, for all law enforcement-related requests, please contact the following email address: CS@UZXKR.com

 

3. Required Information

 

To enable us to process your request, law enforcement officers should send emails to us using an official email address with a government domain and provide at least the following information in the request:

 

Full name of the law enforcement agency.

 

A sealed written law enforcement request, court order, or subpoena.

 

Official contact information (email address and phone number) for you.

 

If you can provide the following documents simultaneously, your request may be expedited: (i) proof that the law enforcement officer is authorized to request information (such as an authorization certificate) and their proof of employment at the law enforcement agency, (ii) proof of the law enforcement agency officer's identity (such as a photo ID with an identification number and a photo of the internal ID with an internal identification number).Law enforcement officers should clearly state the nature of the assistance they are requesting from us and provide sufficient detailed information for us to properly process the request.

 

4. Urgent Law Enforcement Requests

 

For highly urgent requests, such as when someone's life is at risk or there is a serious threat to personal safety, please indicate the urgent nature of the request in the subject line of the email.

